# EdFi.OdsApi.Sdk.Models.Identity.EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociation
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**EducationOrganizationReference** | [**EdFiEducationOrganizationReference**](EdFiEducationOrganizationReference.md) |  | 
**StudentReference** | [**EdFiStudentReference**](EdFiStudentReference.md) |  | 
**Addresses** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationAddress&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationAddress.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationAddresses. The set of elements that describes an address, including the street address, city, state, and ZIP code. | [optional] 
**AncestryEthnicOrigins** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationAncestryEthnicOrigin&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationAncestryEthnicOrigin.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationAncestryEthnicOrigins. The original peoples or cultures with which the individual identifies. | [optional] 
**CohortYears** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationCohortYear&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationCohortYear.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationCohortYears. The type and year of a cohort (e.g., 9th grade) the student belongs to as determined by the year that student entered a specific grade. | [optional] 
**Disabilities** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationDisability&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationDisability.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationDisabilities. The disability condition(s) that best describes an individual&#39;s impairment, as determined by evaluation(s) conducted by the education organization. | [optional] 
**ElectronicMails** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationElectronicMail&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationElectronicMail.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationElectronicMails. The numbers, letters, and symbols used to identify an electronic mail (e-mail) user within the network to which the individual or organization belongs. | [optional] 
**HispanicLatinoEthnicity** | **bool?** | An indication that the individual traces his or her origin or descent to Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central, and South America, and other Spanish cultures, regardless of race, as last reported to the education organization. The term, \&quot;Spanish origin,\&quot; can be used in addition to \&quot;Hispanic or Latino.\&quot; | [optional] 
**InternationalAddresses** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationInternationalAddress&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationInternationalAddress.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationInternationalAddresses. The set of elements that describes an international address. | [optional] 
**Languages** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationLanguage&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationLanguage.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationLanguages. The language(s) the individual uses to communicate. It is strongly recommended that entries use only ISO 639-3 language codes. | [optional] 
**LimitedEnglishProficiencyDescriptor** | **string** | An indication that the student has been identified as limited English proficient by the Language Proficiency Assessment Committee (LPAC), or English proficient. | [optional] 
**LoginId** | **string** | The login ID for the user; used for security access control interface. | [optional] 
**OldEthnicityDescriptor** | **string** | Previous definition of Ethnicity combining Hispanic/Latino and race:         1 - American Indian or Alaskan Native         2 - Asian or Pacific Islander         3 - Black, not of Hispanic origin         4 - Hispanic         5 - White, not of Hispanic origin. | [optional] 
**ProfileThumbnail** | **string** | Locator reference for the student photo. The specification for that reference is left to local definition. | [optional] 
**ProgramParticipations** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationProgramParticipation&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationProgramParticipation.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationProgramParticipations. Key programs the student is participating in or receives services from. | [optional] 
**Races** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationRace&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationRace.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationRaces. The general racial category which most clearly reflects the individual&#39;s recognition of his or her community or with which the individual most identifies as last reported to the education organization. The data model allows for multiple entries so that each individual can specify all appropriate races. | [optional] 
**SexDescriptor** | **string** | The student&#39;s gender as last reported to the education organization. | 
**StudentCharacteristics** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentCharacteristic&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentCharacteristic.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentCharacteristics. Reflects important characteristics of a student. If a student has a characteristic present, that characteristic is considered true or active for that student. If a characteristic is not present, no assumption is made as to the applicability of the characteristic, but local policy may dictate otherwise. | [optional] 
**StudentIdentificationCodes** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIdentificationCode&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIdentificationCode.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIdentificationCodes. A coding scheme that is used for identification and record-keeping purposes by schools, social services, or other agencies to refer to a student. | [optional] 
**StudentIndicators** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIndicator&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIndicator.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationStudentIndicators. An indicator or metric computed for the student (e.g., at risk). | [optional] 
**Telephones** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationTelephone&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationTelephone.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationTelephones. The 10-digit telephone number, including the area code, for the person. | [optional] 
**TribalAffiliations** | [**List&lt;EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationTribalAffiliation&gt;**](EdFiStudentEducationOrganizationAssociationTribalAffiliation.md) | An unordered collection of studentEducationOrganizationAssociationTribalAffiliations. An American Indian tribe with which the student is affiliated as last reported to the education organization. | [optional] 
**Etag** | **string** | A unique system-generated value that identifies the version of the resource. | [optional] 
**Ext** | [**StudentEducationOrganizationAssociationExtensions**](StudentEducationOrganizationAssociationExtensions.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

